so a secret i have sorry for the horror
if Allah messy room but a secret i have
have just discovered that her cat loves
spearmint gum apparently okay and then
she just licks the whole thing and then
just goes away see oh oh yeah so without
GUI yeah yeah cat how would you know
I'll give you a new piece or a new piece
no it's a Saturday night and I've been
so lazy and I don't wanna clean my room
and try to get this cat like she loves
spearmint gum she's just bathing herself
now music we get music
yeah hey you hey you hey you some gum
she doesn't like catnip I don't get it
she looks fair my gum oh god what have
you get poisoned oh no it's suck
when the cat oh oh I see thanks yo Oh
three pieces down lost cat just rubbing
it up up against my things hey you
gorian you she's such a bet get baby you
don't have to serve God's oh poor kitty
she's like let me out of here All Right
see you later guys every Saturday night
enjoy some lives stream custom
creepypasta see you later cat hey cat
attack him here hey Shania then she said
you don't listen her she's mean see
you later